README.md, before:

# Pokémon Emerald

This is a decompilation of Pokémon Emerald.

It builds the following ROM:

* [**pokeemerald.gba**](https://datomatic.no-intro.org/index.php?page=show_record&s=23&n=1961) `sha1: f3ae088181bf583e55daf962a92bb46f4f1d07b7`

To set up the repository, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).


## See also

Other disassembly and/or decompilation projects:
* [**Pokémon Red and Blue**](https://github.com/pret/pokered)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver (Space World '97 demo)**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold-spaceworld)
* [**Pokémon Yellow**](https://github.com/pret/pokeyellow)
* [**Pokémon Trading Card Game**](https://github.com/pret/poketcg)
* [**Pokémon Pinball**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinball)
* [**Pokémon Stadium**](https://github.com/pret/pokestadium)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold)
* [**Pokémon Crystal**](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal)
* [**Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokeruby)
* [**Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinballrs)
* [**Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen**](https://github.com/pret/pokefirered)
* [**Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team**](https://github.com/pret/pmd-red)


## Contacts

You can find us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/d5dubZ3) and [IRC](https://web.libera.chat/?#pret).

Commit message:

Skip text with R or L (Help from DizzyEggg's mugshots branch)

README.md, after:

# Skip Text

AHAH, so you might me wondering... "Why make this?". The simple answer is because I can and nothing more :) .
The R button skips a number of lines in any dialogue which is specified in text.h as NUM_LINES_TO_SKIP while the L button skips all the lines of dialogue. There's a dumb tooltip I made from a funny dream (don't ask :) ) and you can disable it as you wish by getting rid of anything related to this "shouldDialogueSkipPopupShow". One is in global.h, another in field_message_box.c and the last in new_game.c (Please, just disable it already. Its embarassing >.<)

(Also, this branch pulls in the changes from DizzyEggg's mugshots branch, soo..)

Enjoy! :3


# Pokémon Emerald

This is a decompilation of Pokémon Emerald.

It builds the following ROM:

* [**pokeemerald.gba**](https://datomatic.no-intro.org/index.php?page=show_record&s=23&n=1961) `sha1: f3ae088181bf583e55daf962a92bb46f4f1d07b7`

To set up the repository, see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md).


## See also

Other disassembly and/or decompilation projects:
* [**Pokémon Red and Blue**](https://github.com/pret/pokered)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver (Space World '97 demo)**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold-spaceworld)
* [**Pokémon Yellow**](https://github.com/pret/pokeyellow)
* [**Pokémon Trading Card Game**](https://github.com/pret/poketcg)
* [**Pokémon Pinball**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinball)
* [**Pokémon Stadium**](https://github.com/pret/pokestadium)
* [**Pokémon Gold and Silver**](https://github.com/pret/pokegold)
* [**Pokémon Crystal**](https://github.com/pret/pokecrystal)
* [**Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokeruby)
* [**Pokémon Pinball: Ruby & Sapphire**](https://github.com/pret/pokepinballrs)
* [**Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen**](https://github.com/pret/pokefirered)
* [**Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team**](https://github.com/pret/pmd-red)


## Contacts

You can find us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/d5dubZ3) and [IRC](https://web.libera.chat/?#pret).
